hello and welcome to videojug we're
going to make sales in garlic butter a
staple at French restaurants snails or
escargot are juicy tender morsels which
are irresistible when smothered in this
rich garlic coating step 1
you will need the following ingredients
to serve to people 9 snails rinsed and
drained 1 shallot chopped 40 milliliters
of white wine 60 grams of butter at room
temperature 2 tablespoons of parsley
chopped 2 cloves of garlic minced 1 tbsp
of bread crumbs and half a teaspoon of
salt here's a quick list of ingredients
you will also need the following
utensils 9 snail shells cleaned and
dried a teaspoon a saucepan 2 bowls a
spoon an ovenproof escargot dish and a
tray step 2
preheat the grill begin by turning on
the grill section of your oven
step 3 prepare the snails place the
saucepan over a medium heat then add a
small knob of butter
the snails
and the shallots
allow them to warm through giving them a
little stir
add the wine and bring it to a boil
boil for a few minutes to allow the
majority of the liquid to evaporate when
there is still a little of the liquid
left remove the pan from the heat and
transfer it into a bowl
step four prepare the garlic butter put
the rest of the butter into a separate
Bowl follow with the garlic the parsley
the salt and the breadcrumbs and mix
them together well
step 5 prepare for the oven
push the snails back into their shells
with your hands
then spoon a teaspoon of garlic butter
into the opening of each shell and
spread it evenly by using the back of
your spoon make sure that the shells are
facing butter-side up in preparation for
grilling
and place them onto a baking tray
step 6 grill and serve put the snails
under the grill and cook only for a few
minutes until they are sizzling hot
then serve them immediately as an exotic
appetizer
and that's how to make sales in garlic
butter enjoy
you